.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/pull_request_template.md, before:

# Pull Request Checklist

> 🚨 Please review the **[guidelines for contributing](../../CONTRIBUTING.md)** before contributing to this repository.

## 🎉 Instructions for adding a new Project 

1. Fork the repository
1. Create a branch for your addition **(for instance, {account}-sunrise-standup)**
1. Include a screenshot of your app in the `./media/` folder
1. Include the app information (use the following code snippet as a template):

```md
### [My Cool App](https://example.com)

<p align="center">
  <img src="./media/your-app.png" alt="My Cool App" width="100%">
</p>

<a short description of the app>

- Link to the project: **[HERE](https://example.com)**
- GitHub repo: **[HERE](https://github.com/microsoft)**

> Stacks Used: `gatsby, nodejs, azure static web apps`
> Author Twitter (optional): [@name](https://twitter.com/@name)

```

### Add a new technology (optional)

If you are including a new technology not listed in the README, please follow these steps:

1. Under the **Projects** section, update the table of content and include the new technology.
1. **Make you respect the alphabetical order**
1. Add your application name as a sub-list.
1. **Make sure you use the same acnhors that point to the app information (see above)**

```md
- [Gatsby](#gatsby)
  - [Gatsby Todo App](#gatsby-todo-app)
```

## Checklist 

- [ ] update table of content
- [ ] add media file to `./media/`
- [ ] add app name and link
- [ ] add app description
- [ ] add used tech stack
- [ ] add URL to app to the app on Azure Static Web Apps
- [ ] add URL to app repository
- [ ] add author twitter handle (optional)

❤️ Thank you for your contributions!

Commit message:

ASWA Examples v2.0 (#55)
* swa examples v2.0

* update to main README.md file

* update to PR guidelines and checklist

* removed docs and existing content

* removed deploy and test-deploy workflows

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/pull_request_template.md, after:

# Pull Request Checklist

> 🚨 Please review the **[guidelines for contributing](../../CONTRIBUTING.md)** before contributing to this repository.

## 🎉 Instructions for adding a new Project 

1. Fork the repository
1. Create a branch for your addition **(for instance, {account}-sunrise-standup)**
1. Identify the correct table for your example
1. Include the app information (use the following code snippet as a template):

```md
## Azure Static Web Apps + [Technology/ Language] 

| # | Demo                 | Description |
|---| -------------------- | ----------- |
| 1 | [My Cool App](https://github.com/<your-repo-here>) |<a short description of the app> <br> <img src="media/icons/<select-stack-icon>" alt="<product/stack name>" width="19" height="18" /> <br>  [Try Live](https://example.com)        |
```

### Add a new technology (optional)

If you are including a new technology not listed in the README, please follow these steps:

1. On the **Navbar** at the top, update the list with the respective badge from https://img.shields.io/.
1. **Make you respect the order**
1. Add the new section with a short description and table (See above)
1. Upload and link to any new icons in **media/icons**


## Checklist 

- [ ] update navbar
- [ ] add icons to `./media/icons`
- [ ] add app name and link
- [ ] add app description
- [ ] add used tech stack
- [ ] add URL to app to the app on Azure Static Web Apps
- [ ] add URL to app repository

❤️ Thank you for your contributions!
